Properly resolve property mappings for inline/otherwise set implementations (#652)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/plenty-seahorses-build.md

---
"@finos/legend-graph": patch
---

> Resolve property mappings properly for `Inliine` and `Otherwise` SetImplementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properly resolve property mappings for `Inline` and `Otherwise` set implementations ([#650](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/650)).
```
